chore(docs): Clarify blog posting approval note (#18941)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/blog-and-website-contributions.md

## Contributing to the blog

> Note: Before adding a blog post, ensure you have approval from a member of the Gatsby team. You should [open an issue](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/new/choose) or contact [@gatsbyjs on Twitter](https://twitter.com/gatsbyjs) before adding your blog post. Check out past blog posts for examples of the sorts of content posted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Before adding a blog post, ensure you have approval from a member of the Gatsby team. You should [open an issue](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/new/choose) or contact [@gatsbyjs on Twitter](https://twitter.com/gatsbyjs) before opening a PR with your blog post. Check out past blog posts for examples of posted content.
```
